well howdy there enough people let's bow
again you know I've been accused of many
things in my life being inarticulate is
not one of them being unclear in my
speech is not one of them being unable
to express my thoughts is not one of
them so I was very surprised to see a
certain set of comments under those
videos about the Bahamas well we can't
help everybody they're different what
about our own people you can take those
questions and comments over to somebody
who's looking for an excuse not to get
involved because those are the only
people that resonates with it somebody
that's already wrote it all off given up
the fight means nothing to anybody else
since this is a point that I have been
unable to convey let me try again
I do not believe that beyond America's
borders live a lesser people I don't
think that skin tone language place of
birth religion sexual orientation
culture gendered or distance somehow
means you don't need to help somebody
who's in need and the funny part about
it
if those men who made this company's
comments they were all men if they were
the type of men they present themselves
to be they like to pretend they are that
list the language barriers the distance
the cultural cultural differences those
are challenges to be overcome obstacles
that will defeat you
rugged individualists right you ever
think about the people telling you that
oh they're different those people over
there don't worry about them they're not
like you
you ever think about those people and
compare them to the people they're
telling you were different telling you
right now I got more in common with some
poor guy that sheltering in Nassau right
now because his home was destroyed then
I am ever going to have in common with
one of those empty suits up on Capitol
Hill that's telling me he's different me
and that guy from the Bahamas we sit
down have a drink we can relate on a
meaningful level because we're kind of
the same
we might even work the same job I could
probably get along with help I've been
on an island before those on Capitol
Hill not so much they're different I've
met a lot of them can't relate to them I
know they try to cast the image that
they are relatable you know every once
in a while there's that photo that
surfaces they're wearing blue jeans and
a flannel in a bar right man of the
people very few of them are
we have to start thinking broader than a
border these lines dividing up the world
for no good reason when I hear somebody
that has bought into that nationalist
line and really bought into it they
sound like a gang member to me they
really do they really do and tell me the
difference tell me the difference
you got the turf those those ever
precious borders you got your colors
only difference is is not a man down
that's on a flagpole but you get real
mad if somebody disrespects it right you
may not if you're just in the
neighborhood and not part of the gang
you may not agree with everything they
do but it takes a whole lot of courage
to speak out against odd
see the thing is this turf this gang
more than 350 million people we can help
we can do a lot we've got the machinery
for change here we can we just have to
want to and sad those colors so much
what you believe is a person and how you
identify yourself all hinges on what
colors are flying on that flagpole
outside the hospital you were born in
are you really telling me that somebody
born in Brownsville Texas it's really
that different then somebody born up the
road on the other side of the border
it's an artificial line means nothing
those people born in those two different
hospitals a few miles apart they got a
lot more in common than they do with
their representatives in their
government they always will your
obligation to humanity does not end at
the border anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good night